All right welcome back my sort of so I want you to open up your project in your ID or your editor just
like I have right now and go to your EMV file.
All right cool.
Let's make sure that you get there.
I am waiting for you.
All right cool.
So now in this lecture you were going to create that database right.
We're going to create a database and we're going to configure it in our in our in EMV file.
All right.
Let's go to BHB my admin real quick.
Let's create a database.
Let's call it cold hacking and in real life guys you never want to do that you never actually name a
database the same name as your domain.
Right.
Don't ever do that.
You can see you can smell the security issue from here right.
I can you can smell it from anywhere.
When you have that.
All right.
Use a name route.
We have done this so many times I can talk to you and do it right.
All right cool.
You can test this out by doing a really quick migration.
So BHP areason migrate now rights as they migrated to tables.
Let's check it out real quick.
All right.
Three tables actually forgot the migrations table.
So our database is set up is created and we are set.
We are actually ready to go guys.
We are ready to Ramble or rumble.
All right.
So I see you in the next lecture where we're going to continue with the course.
Take care